Every badge, every credential, every clearance... starts with a packet of paperwork.
This is AkamaiForms. Every submission, review ready.
If you run a badging office, you know this inbox.
The application with fourteen attachments and the wrong form.
The one that's missing a signature — which nobody notices until Thursday.
The new hire who shows up to their appointment with an expired license...
and has to come back.
Every one of those is another email, another week, another pushed start date.
And the people sorting it out are your most experienced reviewers —
spending their day re-reading attachments, instead of making decisions.
AkamaiForms sits in front of that inbox,
and inspects every packet the moment it lands.
Complete packets are cleared, and waiting in your queue.
Broken packets get a fix list — a correction letter written the same minute,
naming exactly what's missing. It waits in your drafts folder.
Nothing is ever sent without a person approving it.
And anything genuinely uncertain is flagged for your judgment.
The system never guesses on your behalf.
Now, put numbers on it.
By hand, a packet takes about eighteen minutes of a coordinator's attention.
At real loaded cost, that's eleven dollars and forty cents — per packet.
Across a year... twenty-seven thousand dollars.
And that's before a single resend loop.
AkamaiForms does that first pass for about four cents.
Ninety-six dollars a year, total. That's twenty-seven thousand dollars,
and seven hundred twenty hours of reviewer attention, back every year.
Your numbers will differ. The shape won't.
Here's the whole picture.
Your mailbox stays your mailbox — applicants don't change a thing.
Inside it, a preflight inspector reads every page, typed or handwritten.
It checks each packet against the rulebook your office signed off on.
And before it trusts its own reading, it double-checks it — a second,
independent look at every important field.
Every packet lands in one of three places: cleared... fix list drafted...
or set aside for a person.
And every step is written into a sealed logbook you can prove months later,
for any audit.
This is the console your team sees. Let's look at a morning's mail.
Six packets came in overnight — and they're already sorted.
The queue reads top to bottom in the order your attention matters:
one packet needs a person, four need fixes, and one is cleared and waiting.
Start where you're needed most. On this application,
the inspector read the city two different ways — so it stopped, and asked.
Both readings, side by side.
Hover, and you can see exactly where each one came from. A person settles it.
The system waits.
Next, a fix. This applicant sent a reference sheet, a photo of their license,
and a document we don't recognize — but not the two forms we actually need.
The findings say so in plain language.
And the reply is already written — waiting in your drafts, never sent on its own.
One click to copy. Review it, and send.
And here's the good news story. Both forms, an ID, every rule satisfied.
Cleared for review.
Your reviewer starts here — not at page one of a fourteen-attachment email.
One more thing — for the auditors.
Every step this system took is written into a sealed logbook.
Watch: we re-check it on the spot. Chain intact. Provable today, provable next year.
Mark it reviewed... done. Next packet.
AkamaiForms. Every submission, review ready. Your reviewers decide.
The paperwork takes care of itself.